# Hi everyone! 

The reading for this week was the first half of Chapter 4 of The Design of Everyday Things. I picked out a few sections that I kind of wanted to talk about that I found interesting.
## Mapping
The main takeaway I had for the text this week was its discussion on mapping. The author focused a lot on mapping being a key reason for things being understood to the degree they are. The obvious example is the light switch, where they made a custom panel that mapped the light switches to which lights they control. I very much felt this section, as I am almost 100% sure that the dorms have a light right next to the door that is mapped to no switches at all, while the bedroom hall light has about four switches.
## Knowing what to do
This ties into knowing what to do. Even a lack of mapping can still allow people to understand how to interact with something, like with the motorcycle example. This was somewhat shared with my in class activity where I asked my peers to draw a car. Despite no mapping showing where to attach wheels, draw a windshield, et cetra, people still figured out everything alright and we walked away with some very fun drawings.
## Avoiding mistakes
The final bit was the one about avoiding mistakes, shown with the double sided batteries. This is something I feel like is key to interaction; making things accessible. How is someone supposed to understand that a door needs to be pushed if they cannot read the sign because they cannot read English? There's always ways to improve, which is something I thought about in my previous Game Design I class. When thinking about how to redesign Candyland, I realized quickly that no matter what I was to do to the game, I would have to keep in mind that the game was built to be played by children who were still unable to read, instead just seeing the colors on the card. Making something its best with constant upkeep is incredibly tiring, even if I know it's worth it.

### Thank you all! See you soon! 
-Anna Godfrey
