# Hi everyone! 

I know I'm significantly late to finishing this last reading assignment, but burnout has hit me hard. Regardless, I'm dedicated to finishing strong with every assignment. 
This week talked more about accident prevention. Here are a few of my takeaways from it.
## Automation 
Automation was really a big takeaway for me, and its something that's only going to become more relevant as time goes on. Especially the quote "With self-driving cars, I predict that we will have fewer accidents and injuries, but that when there is an accident, it will be huge." is terrifying. With Waymo being a larger and larger corporation and many of the predictions of others, cars don't seem like they are on their way to being a safer mode of transportation. The race for bigger and faster cars is scary enough as is, and combining it with less driver control is just a recipie for disaster.
## Patching Problems
I do agree with everything the text has said in regards to safeguarding against mistakenly-caused disaster, and I have even heard of some of the situations mentioned in the text before. I do think one of the biggest challenges in society today is our mind to always make things have "value." Mistakes take away from time and money, which errodes "value." I just think if we were all nicer and more understanding, we would be better off. We aren't machines. And hell, even those makes mistakes. 
 
### Thank you so much for the wonderful semester Tyler! I'll always fondly remember your classes!
-Anna Godfrey
