# Hi everyone! 

The reading for this week was Chapter 1 of The Design of Everyday Things. I picked out a few sections that I kind of wanted to talk about that I found interesting.
## Conceptual Models
I have heard of a few keywords that I heard in this book from other courses, such as the concept of affordances. I have never heard of conceptual models before, and it did just click. I definitely know the experience of doing something and not knowing that there was an easier way to do it, until you've already done it 30 times over. It's kind of the key of interaction design and game design; the impossible task of teaching something without telling you directly. Learning is difficult, but I really agree with the way that this chapter visualizes the way someone can imagine their own path through something.
## Phone Examples
This chapter really liked their phone examples. From TAP on page 7 to the R button on page 20, they kept bringing up strange contrivances to operating the thing that I really think struggle from the unique position of telephones not having a "natural" counterpart. For example, the cars later in the chapter have the benefit of having people know how to walk. There is a natural assumption that you use your legs to move (gas pedal) and your upper body to adjust direction (steering wheel). For phones, the only instinct we have for finding a specific person to talk with is to yell louder, so buttons on a flat pad or rotaries have to be something that people figure out through something like reading a manual. And let's face it, not everyone is reading the manual.
## Personal Anecdote
I want to briefly bring up a little anecdote that happened to me recently, relating to interaction design. I recently got a new car, and for the first time I ended up driving it as the sun set. It became very hard to see, but I assumed the car's lights were just much weaker than everyone else's. It turns out my old car had its headlights turn on automatically, while this one needed them to be turned on manually. However, I assumed they were hi-beams specifically made for seeing through fog, so I only ended up turning them on after the trip. This is the kind of thing that's impossible to explore with interaction design as its an unfun mix of previous experience, warriness from me, and misinterpretted feedback/ lack of feedback. I have no idea how you begin solving something like this.
### Thank you all!  
-Anna Godfrey
